Mqtt (#1188)
n8n-io/n8n-docs: docs/integrations/builtin/app-nodes/n8n-nodes-base.mqtt.md

# MQTT

> The MQTT node allows you to automate work in MQTT, and integrate MQTT with other applications. n8n has built-in support for a wide range of MQTT features, including transporting messages. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The MQTT node allows you to automate work in MQTT, and integrate MQTT with other applications. n8n supports transporting messages with MQTT.
```
